Add docs for MIG on YARN [skip ci] (#4106)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-on-prem.md

       --jars ${SPARK_CUDF_JAR},${SPARK_RAPIDS_PLUGIN_JAR}
```  

> ### MIG GPU on YARN

Reviewer: Can we add a link to some information about what MIG is, for example https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/tesla/mig-user-guide/index.html#introduction ?

Using MIG enabled GPUs on YARN requires enabling YARN GPU scheduling, cgroups, and using NVIDIA Docker runtime v2.
The way to set this up depends on the version of YARN and the version of Spark.
It is important to note that CUDA 11 only supports enumeration of a single MIG instance. This means that using
any MIG device on YARN means only 1 GPU per container is allowed. See the limitations section in the documentation
referred to below for the specific YARN version you are using.

#### YARN version 3.3.0+
YARN version 3.3.0 and newer support a pluggable device framework which allows adding support for MIG devices via a plugin.
See [NVIDIA GPU Plugin for YARN with MIG support](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples/blob/branch-21.10/hadoop/device-plugins/gpu-mig/README.md).

> If you are using that plugin with a Spark version older than 3.2.1 and/or specifying the resource as `nvidia/miggpu` you will also need to specify the config:

Reviewer: Minor: try to keep line lengths <= 100 charactors

```shell
--conf spark.rapids.gpu.resourceName=nvidia/miggpu
```

> This tells the RAPIDS Accelerator for Spark plugin to look for the Spark GPU resource assigned to it using the name `nvidia/miggpu`.

Reviewer 2: consistency with other occurrences  in the docs nit:
```suggestion
This tells the RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark plugin to look for the Spark GPU resource assigned to it using the name `nvidia/miggpu`.
```

If you are using the Spark config `spark.yarn.resourceGpuDeviceName` and using the normal `gpu` Spark resource name, this is not required.

#### YARN version 3.1.2 until 3.3.0
If you are using YARN version from 3.1.2 up until 3.3.0, it requires making modifications to YARN and deploying
a version that adds support for MIG to the built-in YARN GPU resource plugin.

> See [NVIDIA Support for GPU for YARN with MIG support for YARN 3.1.2 until YARN 3.3.0](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples/blob/branch-21.10/hadoop/resource-types/gpu-mig/README.md)

Reviewer 3: This link is broken, I think it needs to be:
```suggestion
See [NVIDIA Support for GPU for YARN with MIG support for YARN 3.1.2 until YARN 3.3.0](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples/blob/branch-21.10/hadoop/device-plugins/gpu-mig/README.md)
```

Author: actually that is being added under the PR referenced in the description

Reviewer 3: Ah sorry. missed that the other docs were still in flight.
